# Industry

Companies developing and/or applying CBR technology.
- Amdocs ChangingWorlds was co-founded by Barry Smyth in 1999 and is now a division of Amdocs Inc after being acquired in 2008. ChangingWorlds developed the ClixSmart personalization platform to bring personalization technologies to mobile operators. Its technology has been used by more than 60 mobile operators around the world, bringing a more personalized mobile internet experience to tens of millions of users.
- Attensity Group In 2009 empolis (formerly tecInno) merged with Attensity and Living-e Merge to become Attensity Group. Attensity’s technology is based on research in the areas of search, natural language processing (NLP,) machine learning, artificial intelligence and semantics. At the 19th International Conference on Case-Based Reasoning in London Ralph Traphöner presented a software solution by Attensity called The Solution Finder. The Solution Finder is used by the German Engineering Federation and utilizes CBR. Part of their expertise were developed within the INRECA and INRECA II European Funded Projects
- brox is a well-known provider of consulting, software and services for enterprise-wide information management and data governance in Germany. Together with empolis they support the SMILA an extensible framework for building search solutions to access unstructured information in the enterprise.
- CaseBank specializes in creating practical and reliable diagnostic software solutions, effectively supporting technicians in the maintenance and repair of complex equipment, systems and processes. Their core technology is SpotLight® a decision support system that contains solutions built from field experience events.
- CDM Technologies, Inc. specializes in the development of integrated, decision-support software and advanced technology for military, government, and commercial customers. They employ case-based reasoning in applications such as reference mapping to support database interoperability, and intend to use it in applications concerning transportation planning.
- Industrial Artificial Intelligence Lab at GE Global Research conducts research in the areas of Prognostics and Health Management, Optimization and Decision Support, Condition Based Maintenance and the development and application of computational algorithms, including Neural Networks, Genetic Algorithms and Case-Based Reasoning
- HeyStacks HeyStaks was co-founded by Barry Smyth in 2008. It is a social search company that brings a layer of social search to mainstream search engines, allowing users to collaborate as they search. HeyStaks has deployed app across the major web browser, iOS and Android platforms.
- Knexus Research Corporation provides intelligent software systems that automate and simplify knowledge-intensive tasks, learn from their mistakes, and adapt to unexpected situations, offering capabilities beyond conventional systems.
- The PricewaterhouseCoopers Center for advanced research conducts PwC-sponsored research and development on business problems that have no known solution in the marketplace. The PwC connection machine is an adaptive expertise provider that uses CBR techniques
- Sentiment360 Atlanta based Sentiment360 Inc, is a social media monitoring and analytics company that aquired Enkia Corporation in January 2011 for its text mining technology. Enkia was a spinoff from Georgia Techa and co-founded by Ashwin Ram in 1998. It provided intelligent software to solve complex problems of information analysis, specializing in text analytics applications. Enkia’s products used advanced human cognition and case-based reasoning algorithms to address business needs. Enkia’s customers included GE Energy, Cox Enterprises, Science Applications International Corporation, GM, and the US Air Force.
- Servigistics In April 2010, Kaidara, Inc. was acquired by Servigistics, Inc. Kaidara was an international company specialized on Technical Service knowledge management. They developed Advisor, a conversational Case-Based Reasoning system for managing help desks. Part of their expertise were developed within the INRECA and INRECA II European Funded Projects.
- Stottler Henke specializes in artificial intelligence products and solutions for Education & Training, Planning & Scheduling, Decision Support, Knowledge Management & Discovery, Computer Security & Reliability. They explore different techniques mimicking the different ways that people think and reason such as case-based reasoning and model-based reasoning.
- Strands develops recommendation and personalization technologies to help people discover new things. OpenStrands services let you add the power of the Strands sites to your non-commercial applications.
- Verdande Technology develops products and services for automated capture and re-use of business-essential knowledge. Their technology integrates knowledge modeling and data interpretation with the principle of 'case-based reasoning'.
